# NSFs and Returned Payments

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Flag Code</th><th>Description</th><th>Required Error Message</th><th>Account Restrictions</th><th>User Remedy</th><th>Ratio Support Action</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Non-payment (Instant ACH) (F1000)</td><td>The user has initiated a purchase, Ratio HAS SENT THE CRYPTO, and the user’s payment fails to settle due to non-sufficient funds.</td><td>H1: Ratio did not receive payment for your previous order. Body: To continue using Ratio please settle the amount outstanding with their support team.</td><td>All POST, PATCH, DELETE endpoints return a 403.</td><td>User must remit payment to continue using Ratio. This can only be done via support.</td><td>Ratio will reach out to the user to request repayment. If payment is received within one week access will be restored.</td></tr><tr><td>Failed payment (Standard ACH) (F1001)</td><td>The user has initiated a purchase, Ratio HAS NOT sent the crypto, and the user’s payment fails to settle due to non-sufficient funds.</td><td>H1: Payment failed Body: Ratio did not receive your payment.</td><td>All POST, PATCH, DELETE endpoints return a 403.</td><td>No user action required.</td><td>Ratio will manually review the flag within 24 hours and remove it without any user action. If the user has been flagged for F1001 multiple times, we may suspend the account (F0000).</td></tr><tr><td>Returned payment (F1002)</td><td>The bank account holder has returned a previously successful transaction. This can happen up to 180 days after their payment was received. This is usually an indication of friendly fraud (ie. the individual knows that Ratio has no recourse) or account take over (the actual account holder is not a Ratio user and has been defrauded).</td><td>H1: Payment failed Body: Ratio did not receive your payment.</td><td>All POST, PATCH, DELETE endpoints return a 403.</td><td>This is when a previously settled transaction is “returned” by the users bank due to a dispute.</td><td>When a return is received the account is suspended.</td></tr></tbody></table>
